Improve server config and allow TLS separation for reverse proxies (#386)
Skidamek/AutoModpack: docs/configuration/server-config.mdx

| `nagClickableLink`            | `"https://modrinth.com/project/automodpack"`                             | The link that will be opened when the message is clicked. To work requires `nagUnModdedClients` to be `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `bindAddress`                 | `"0.0.0.0"`                                                              | The address on which the modpack host server binds to. When `bindPort` is set to `-1` this value is **ignored**, modpack host will be bound to the same address as the minecraft server in the `server.properties`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `bindAddress`                 | `"0.0.0.0"`                                                              | The address to which the modpack host server binds. When `bindPort` is set to `-1`, this value is **ignored**. The modpack host will be bound to the same address as the Minecraft server, as specified in the `server.properties` file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

| `portToSend`                  | `-1`                                                                     | The port number that is send alongside the `addressToSend` or `localAddressToSend`. If set to `-1`, clients will use the port they used to connect to the minecraft server.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `disableInternalTLS`          | `false`                                                                  | Disables internal TLS management. If enabled you must manage TLS externally e.g. on a reverse proxy. When using this option set `bindAddress` to a loopback address (e.g. `127.0.0.1`) so the unencrypted traffic between modpack host and reverse proxy doesn't get leaked.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `disableInternalTLS`          | `false`                                                                  | Disables internal TLS management. If enabled, you must manage TLS externally, e.g. on a reverse proxy. When using this option, set `bindAddress` to a loopback address (e.g. `127.0.0.1`), so the unencrypted traffic between the modpack host and the reverse proxy isn't leaked.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

| `nagClickableLink`            | `"https://modrinth.com/project/automodpack"`                             | The link that will be opened when the message is clicked. To work requires `nagUnModdedClients` to be `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `bindAddress`                 |                                                                          | The address to which the modpack host server binds. When `bindPort` is set to `-1`, this value is **ignored**. The modpack host will be bound to the same address as the Minecraft server, as specified in the `server.properties` file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `bindAddress`                 | `""`                                                                     | The address to which the modpack host server binds. When `bindPort` is set to `-1`, this value is **ignored**. The modpack host will be bound to the same address as the Minecraft server, as specified in the `server.properties` file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```
Technically, it's set to an empty string.

> | `bindAddress`                 |                                                                          | The address to which the modpack host server binds. When `bindPort` is set to `-1`, this value is **ignored**. The modpack host will be bound to the same address as the Minecraft server, as specified in the `server.properties` file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: Can you add a sentence about what it means to leave this empty?
